When we generated the project earlier,
we chose to use Gradle for the application build script.
We are now going to run the application server using Gradle on the command line.
The command, as I'm showing, will run from the root directory of the project,
and is named gradlew.
Let's do that now.
I've opened up a PowerShell window to the project.
The folder is C:\dev\patient-portal.
I'm going to start by showing you the tasks that are
available in the build script for Gradle.
I'm going to enter the command,. \gradlew tasks.
And the command takes a little bit of time to run if
you've run it for the first time,
but you're going to see a whole list of tasks that
are available in the build script.
I'm going to scroll up a bit here.
Note here in this first line that the default task is bootRun.
This bootRun task is going to start our Undertow server locally.
There's also several build tasks, documentation tasks,
test tasks, but we're not going to cover those just yet.
Let's scroll to the bottom and let's run our bootRun task.
And again, I just need to run the command,. \gradlew.
So again this takes a little bit of time to start it up,
but once it's started you should see a message saying
that the application is running,
and it should show you the URLs that are available to access the application.
This is just the server that we're running at this point,
but it's going to be able to still access our static resources.
So as long as this message has come up, we know our server's running.
I've opened up a Chrome browser,
and I've navigated to the URL that was on the command window,
which is http://localhost:8080.
You should see the same page that I'm seeing,
and if so, it confirms that the server's running,
and the application code is being hosted successfully by Undertow.
Now that we have the server running, and we have the application open, let's start to dive into JHipster's implementation for security.